README.md, before:

# ossec_automation version 0.2

OSSEC automation tools written by Paul McCarty April 2016

I've created two different ways to install and manage OSSEC.  The first uses bash scripts and the second uses Puppet.

Bash scripts:
Installer installs *only* the agent.  I suggest you build the server from source as per the documentation at https://ossec.github.io/docs/.  The uninstaller script will remove *any* OSSEC installation:  server or agent.

Uninstaller tested in Cent 6.x, Redhat 6.x and Ubuntu 16.04.  Installer is working for Cent and Ubuntu but see note below for Redhat.

Installer/Uninstaller verified to work on OSSEC versions:
2.7, 2.7.1, 2.8, 2.8.1, 2.8.2, 2.8.3 and 2.9.0beta5

NOTE: Running the installer on Redhat will need access to the EPEL and REMI repos as the ossec-hids rpm needs access to inotify.  
Run the provided redhat_install_repos.sh.  Once EPEL and REMI are installed you should be able to run the installer and have it find inotify and then install the OSSEC agent.

Puppet:
Create a new module in Puppet and call it ossec.  There's a site.pp file that you put in the /etc/puppet/manifests/ directory and an init.pp file you put in /etc/puppet/modules/ossec/.

Commit message:

caveat about puppet working for redhat only

README.md, after:

# ossec_automation version 0.2

OSSEC automation tools written by Paul McCarty April 2016

I've created two different ways to install and manage OSSEC.  The first uses bash scripts and the second uses Puppet.

Bash scripts:
Installer installs *only* the agent.  I suggest you build the server from source as per the documentation at https://ossec.github.io/docs/.  The uninstaller script will remove *any* OSSEC installation:  server or agent.

Uninstaller tested in Cent 6.x, Redhat 6.x and Ubuntu 16.04.  Installer is working for Cent and Ubuntu but see note below for Redhat.

Installer/Uninstaller verified to work on OSSEC versions:
2.7, 2.7.1, 2.8, 2.8.1, 2.8.2, 2.8.3 and 2.9.0beta5

NOTE: Running the installer on Redhat will need access to the EPEL and REMI repos as the ossec-hids rpm needs access to inotify.  
Run the provided redhat_install_repos.sh.  Once EPEL and REMI are installed you should be able to run the installer and have it find inotify and then install the OSSEC agent.

Puppet:
Create a new module in Puppet and call it ossec.  There's a site.pp file that you put in the /etc/puppet/manifests/ directory and an init.pp file you put in /etc/puppet/modules/ossec/.  NOTE: puppet code works on Redhat/Cent.  To make it work with Debian/Ubuntu remove or change the provider and source lines to what's more appropriate for your OS.
